[12.0][WIP] add test on all module (#8)
acsone/odoo-shopinvader-payment: shopinvader_quotation_payment/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module add the support of payment for quotation for shopinvader.

Estimated quotation can be paid with all payment mode configured on shopinvader backend.

> Cart that containt a product that required a quotation can not be paid anymore (no payment mode available). The request_quotation must be called to convert the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cart that contains a product that requires a quotation can not be paid anymore (no payment mode available). The method `request_quotation` must be called on the cart service to convert the quotation into a cart.
```
